ProjectNextOS (android 9) is a custom x86 android system with a PC and TV interface (Android-x86 is an open source project that unofficially ports Google's Android mobile operating system to run on devices with AMD and Intel x86 processors, rather than RISC-based ARM chips)
 Android 9 version we use Mantis Gamepad, XTKeymapper.
 our versions offer changing houdini on the system through scripts supported armeabi-v7a and arm64-v8a processes (Houdini is an ARM translation layer for Android developed by Intel and Google to run ARM applications on x86 architecture)
 Support Bluetooth usb and built-in wifi cards of notebooks
 Codecs support for the main codecs in HD quality (HEVC, AVC, VP9) HEVC: can play videos on old processors and even with low frequencies with great performance
 Widevine L3 (Widevine is a DRM-type software, or Digital Rights Management, responsible for protecting the content of any digital media and essential for playing videos in applications with protected media)
 Version 9 offers System Bypass to several games! We also natively support call of duty, pubg, and more with emulator detection being a more secure way.
 Easily hide root by running a script in the terminal
 Support almost game with ARMlibs new (Ex: PUBG, CODM, COC, FREE FIRE)
 Thanks to our exclusive Patch for codecs of our own authorship, we support applications to watch channels, series and movies
All Based Developed by TeamBR


Step to install with links :
1. Create an NTFS/EXT4 (Recommended EXT4) partition with a minimum size of 32 GB
2. Create folder with name "os"
3. First copy root file "findme" into "os" folder
4. Extract the OS file into the "os" folder that was created earlier
5. Extract the "data files" into "os" folder with the desired size (example: 32GB)
6. When everything is finished, open grub2win
8. Add a new entry
9. Select the submenu, title it "ProjectNextOS"
10. Enter the code below "grub2win_code"
11. and Save All
12. Reboot > Enter ProjectNextOS

PROUDLY POWERED BY adidya354(MEMBER{SUPERMEGAMERS})
